blow their but the referee despite the
number of those low blows has not taken
a point away from when it goes yet round
10 begins if they complete this round
riddick bowe will have gone just as far
as he's ever gone before in a
professional prize fun really great bow
is able to land three good combination
now event a Holyfield can have his first
visit to the campus he's spent a
gentleman all this time he can't
understand someone being so dirty you
see Holly
just like that the campus
struggles to say on his feet
but a heart by holy fish he's going to
score on his feet
now goes to the
those are phony
Cortese watching
that was a right uppercut that started
out secrets boys got to start all over
again and go to Beal weathers the storm
again he can do it all
let's see if he has the patient about to
Evander Holyfield
powers of recovery once again on display
remember how he came back from the
knockdown against Cooper and threw one
of the great love hooks you've ever read
about 30 seconds later you mean at that
time he bender could see this town
Evangelos event the Holyfield has no
vision at all
well jab has been the most devastating
thing in his life
only rested from all the rolls touches
he threw
and Holyfield goes back to the
right-hand lead
which has been consistently good to him
tonight
don't rest rest with your GEB bones
should be taken that kind of advice look
at holy
everybody in the promise of Mac's that
are on there
Barbeau because he knows he will
rested at their port
he been told attila's Gjallarhorn
he weighs 205 his heart weighs about 204
this is an amazing show guys I don't
think he can win the fight at this rate
but to us to have recovered from that
beating is astonishing I think the most
of us at ringside if he can both go
right back to left jab shit all over
Kitty's not this gal most our go back to
the left Jeff Scott everything off it
can all happen again this round should
be greeted with a standing ovation at
the end it seems the best of both man
Holyfield and another
ten continues after the bell
you